Yo!
I'm virtual YouTuber, Kizuna Ai!
And...
Guess what we're doing today!
That's right!
A crane game!
Right now...
...you can play crane game from the internet.
And this is it!
Looks like it's called「 TOREBA」
And, and...!
You get to play for free for your first 3 tries!
Isn't that so economical~?
First we're going to choose which prize we want.
There's a lot of them aren't there?
Hmmmm
This stuffed animal is cute, isn't it?
Which one should we do?
This glove thing is cute isn't it?
"Plush Glove"
"Kid's size... kid's size..."
I see...
Ah!
There's a figure here too!
Do you think I could have my own stuff on here someday?
Which one would be good?
You know...
I think an easy one would be best.
A Snoopy shoulder bag!
That sounds nice...
Ah, food would be good right?!
Choco...Baby...Circle...Box...
Ah, I see...
...this is how it looks like.
I don't know if I want to use my first try on this...
This is taking more effort than I thought it would.
It really is.
These three tries...
I don't want to waste them, you know?
Pizza Pan Cushion!
Couldn't this trick someone?
Ah, I see... this button lets me change the angle
Oh, I think I can get this.
Ah, well... I'm going to look a little more, can't be too naive.
If you don't think thought through, you might regret later.
Oh, that looks delicious!
How do you get this?
This is kind of, well... not very kind.
Aren't there anything that I can get in one try?
Seems like there are no...
Oh! A rice cooker for one!
Steamy... rice...
(lol)
Pretty good, huh? There are more and more people living alone, after all.
Let's try this!
Without further ado... I only have 3 free plays left, so let's play!
Black or white, which one should I choose?
Well, the white one suits my room better right? It's pure white after all.
So then... We'll aim for A!
Let's start
Sideways..
Hei!
WHOA! It moved!
(How exciting...)
Like this...
The depth is very important
Like this! Oh, I'm a genius!
Ah!
That's what you expet from m...
Eh! ...  Eh!
Oh! ... This ...
Genius!
Ha! ... Ho!
(?)
Wait a second... what the heck is this?
Isn't this unfair?
The arm, the arm is too weak.
Ah, oh well! I can do this!
Last time I opened it too far...
How about this much?
Whoa! Doesn't this seem good?
It might depend if it has any extra weight to it
Oh!
Take this!
This much!
This...... mu..ch!
If it doesn't move here, I'll have to ask an employee for help...
Ah!
Oh!
Oh...
Oh.................
I see...
Eh? Tha.... t's .... it?
Hahaha...
No more ponts to play....
...right...
No more!
There won't be any problems if I upload video where I didn't succeed right?
If I delete this app, can I play it agai...
Well, my skill might be not enough or maybe I haven't study enough.
I'll definitely get it next time!
Everyone!
If you like to play
Paying attention to the range for the claw could be a good idea
It seems like you are able to spectate other people play
Observe other people play
"This should be about here"
like that.
Might have a better result
Maybe next time...
I'd challenge it again!
Do you have any crane game tips?
"It should be like this" kinda
If you have some advice, please, teach Kizuna Ai! I'd be really happy.
Well, that's it for today! Bye Bye~